no no my name's Russ Merrick and like to
welcome you to the restoration building
actually what we have for you today one
of the Merrick originals product that's
the cycle dolly I'm standing on a BMW
here this is a 2005 nice little gorgeous
toy I've got the owner close by you know
watching the baby sitting make sure I
don't mess up his body but in a nutshell
in the cycle dolly
put this baby down real quick we're
going to talk about cycle all your fast
pretty much got 10 casters come on back
so it's pretty easy ideally what you're
doing is you have an adjustable kick
plate there's a series of holes in here
that you can move every couple of inches
or so and so if you've got a big bike
like this BMW or you have a big Harley
or even a little Sportster or even some
of the dirt bikes you're gonna want to
just play the cordon with some of the
dirt bikes the kickstand way up we have
towards the front wheel others are lean
away towards the back such as this five
you're going to show what you're trying
to do is inside your garage actually
take it put it right up against the wall
so you have a fixed point of reference
then take the bike itself line it up you
want to make sure that the front back
tires rule nice and evenly along the
trough the trough is actually the key
it's actually got hold of the tire
hanging on to it I'm gonna go ahead and
roll up on that you can go ahead let
them go ahead and show you they're a
little bit this nice and gracefully with
the owners
watching me hopefully I'm all lined up
take the kickstand kick it down
regarding the top left you can see that
we'll get out of the way there
kickstand is also in the B configuration
so we're trying to sandwich it in there
now once it's actually underside your
dominant role is pretty easy
so if I want to tuck it up against
something put it tight up against my
garage so I have a little real-estate
keep everybody's Cardinal
she hangs on before the secret studio
there's the construction that we have on
this today it's actually grabbing the
back tires hanging onto it some of the
other items are out on the market today
it's pretty hard to get radical with
them and push them around without the
bike spilling now this is a pretty tall
bike I'm gonna wait near as much as to
some of these jobs others to do it's
always a good idea to have a little bit
of help you're gonna try and push that
right up against the wall actually pick
it off to the side a little bit
kickstand down take your left foot and
actually put it on the cake plate itself
this rocket back when you're all said
and done bikes off take this be put up
against your garage alone put a hook on
it hanging on the wall once again
utilize your garage space this is a
motorcycle dolly it's one of the
American regional products it's built by
Merrick Machine Company located in Alden
Nebraska if you have any questions look
at our website we actually got
distributors there that can help you
peel through the website you'll see
something otherwise you can call a
factory of one eight hundred five six
eight seven four two three let's get
like to thank you for your time